today we're going to be installing hitch
part number 75681 EIN subaru forrester
this hitch installation will also apply
to the hidden hitch part number 87438
the vehicle now and we're taking a look
at the passenger side frame rail first
thing you really need to do is to lower
the exhaust on both sides of the vehicle
and there were five total hangers that
we're going to need to lower in order to
to get the exhaust down on both the
exhaust pieces we need to remove the
inboard and the outboard side hangers
and then there is one here more forward
on the vehicle right forward of where
the tumors right here they're in the
lower as well that's going to give us
access to the bottom of the frame so we
can get our hitch installed so we want
to go ahead do that first time okay to
easing the removal of the rubber hangers
from the studs definitely you go looking
for take them up with some kind of a
spray lubricant like a wd-40 and make
the removal much easier and you see our
exhaust is lowered a little bit the two
hangers removed for filming purposes
I've got ahead and remove the exhaust so
it's a little bit better but essentially
the two mounting points for the hitch
are going to be behind this plug and
this ploy as well we're gonna actually
fish bolts into the frame and pull them
down in each of those locations so we're
in order for the hitch to sit flat at
the bottom of the frame we need to go
ahead and remove this forward most screw
here at the bottom of the frame on both
sides of the vehicle
then after that we're going to remove
both plugs from the frame rail and again
those are going to provide bar to
attachment points for the hitch in order
to get the hardware inside the frame we
are going to need to do some drilling
we're going to actually drill a 3/8 inch
hole on this side and on this side as
well and it shows a lot the difference
and that's going to make a large enough
hole for it for us to get the block and
the carriage bolt inside the frame so
that's the next thing we're going to do
go ahead to drill a 3/8 inch hole on
each side and chisel out the difference
and then we'll fish our hardware into
the frame
on some instances you may be able to get
away with just really one whole one
three and so on on each side so it
wouldn't hurt to check after you've
drawn your first hole like I have to see
if the heart bro go ahead and fit and
you know since it's a real bolt the
block and the carriage bolt hold sit in
the hole so there's no need for me to
drill the second hole on the other side
so I'm gonna go ahead and drill the hole
on the other side as well and check-in
it and then we'll go ahead and fish our
bolts through the frame the next step is
to fix the bolts into the frame what go
ahead and note that there are two
different sized bolts they come with the
installation kit there's a 7/16 and a
half-inch the 7/16 bolt we're going to
go ahead is going to go through the
middle hole and the half inch carriage
bolt and block will go and pull it up
through this hole and pull it straight
back down you also want to note that
there are again two different size
blocks as well there is a half-inch size
and then there's a 7/16 you may want to
make sure that you get those put
together appropriately otherwise you'll
have a bad combination for something
there are also different size fish wires
we're going to use the fish into the
frame four again there's a 7/16 size and
a half-inch sense as well and we're
gonna go ahead and push them into place
we're going to start by fishing the
middle hole
to the feedbags back to the hole that we
enlarged and again this is the 7/16
hardware that we won't utilize at the
middle of Tanjung point to thread the
bolt eater on to the bolt here and we'll
start by feeding the block into the hole
and then I'll let up with him and
they're just going to pull that into
position and then we want to take the
half inch bolt leader and essentially do
the same thing we want to grab the half
inch carriage bolt 1/2 inch block this
time we're just going to thread it on
the bolt leader onto the bolt this time
we just want to feed them the bolt into
the frame first and then the block and
then pull them straight back down in the
finish we want to go ahead and do that
for the other side of the vehicle as
well and with the bolts up into place
we're going to go ahead and put the
hitch up now
and again like this wire in the block to
everything we want to make sure mean is
your appropriate hardware money fold
there are seven sixteenths conical tooth
washers tmpatton as well as 7/16 that's
okay with the hitch up into position and
the hardware in place we want to torque
the bolts down you want to check with
the instructions to verify the a
moratorium
ok and with the bolts torqued down we
want to make sure we put our exhaust
back up into place under the hangers ok
and with both exhaust back up into place
our installation is complete this will
conclude the installation of hitch part
number 75679 subaru forrester